Austrian results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15398308
Belgian results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15398633
Bosnia and Herzegovina results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15398716

Bulgarian results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15398853

Croatian results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15398862

Cyprus results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15398900

Czech Republic results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15398906

Danish results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15398929

Dutch results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401689

Estonian results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15398938

Finnish results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15398953

French results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15398969

German results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15398987
Greek results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15398997

Hungarian results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15399035

Icelandic results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401481

Italian results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401540

Irish results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401524

Latvian results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401638

Lithuanian results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401649

Luxembourg results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401659

Maltese results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401670

Montenegro results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401686

Northern Ireland results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401793

North Macedonia results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401701

Norwegian results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401710

Polish results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401719

Portuguese results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401731

Romanian results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401742

Slovakian results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401756

Slovenian results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401767

Spanish results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401778

Swedish results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/15401786

United Kingdom results from the monitoring of pesticide residues in food
https://zenodo.org/records/6396135

